Irene
Montero in several interventions
also called and called
María
Sevilla's husband Rafael Marcos, ex-husband, father of
her son but ex-husband, an abuser.
You can see it on the
main channel in Javi Oliveira, an
interview that I have with him that we
did on the channel,
okay.
And well, he's a super polite,
super nice guy who has fought to
find his son in a
brutal way, okay, eh, it's a case similar to that
of Carlos
Salgado, to a certain extent it's more
similar to that of Juan above, but well, Eh,
La Movida, La Movida is
that, well, since she's a woman and also in
some way, Thank you, seum, and also in
some way linked to the extreme
left of our country, not a friend of
Irene Montero and others, well, this lady
when she breaks up with her husband, in short,
okay, you can see it more
extensively in the interview that I have
in Javi Oliveira, look for Rafael Marcos,
Javi Oliveira, and there you see, in
short, this woman, this lady, well, she
takes the son, does everything possible to
prohibit the father from enjoying his son,
the same as Juan above, she denounces him for
abuse, accuses him of  abuse the child in
short a lot of atrocities okay the
case of Carlos Argado is another atrocities
also there are many people who then
turn against Carlos Argado well
tremendous okay But the case of Carlos
Argado was tremendous too, let's go the
case of Carlos Argado is worse because
the man has not found a solution because
the woman has taken the daughter to
Kyrgyzstan okay But well
eh luckily they found her I don't
remember if it was a year, a year and a half ago and she had had
the child and not only the
child but I think she had another
child with another man I don't
remember very well okay but
they found the child with The child of course she
was not taking him to school or anything
because she had him hidden in a house in the
country there without going out there she would take him out for a
walk At night like someone who has a
like someone who has a German shepherd okay
like someone who has a greyhound and takes him out for a
run at night at least noo The
child well had not gone to school he was
lacking you know Total the usual excuse
to justify bad Look
the dog is crying a
kiss Thank you very much whatever  uh the
justification of these people to
justify for example the criminals
Juan ar Rivas no uh that
the other was an abuser, I
mean these people fix everything when they
screw up when everything is worth it, I mean they
fix everything by accusing the man of
abuse and to hell with it why
Because sister I do believe you no but he
is not an abuser it doesn't matter but
I say that he is an abuser and that's it
automatically I become right
for these people okay this has led
Irene Montero to have to pay
18000 to Rafael Marcos okay it has cost her her
life uh Because they convicted her in the
first instance they convicted her in the
second instance they convicted her in the
Supreme Court she wanted to appeal I don't know if
even to NASA, I mean she wanted to take it
to the last instance I don't think she
even appealed to NASA Okay and everything
was denied then she let the deadlines pass too uh she
let the deadlines pass to the
point that she didn't want to pay she didn't want to
pay they had to ask for an
embargo order now she didn't want to Delete the tweet
Because she called him an abuser, she called him an
abuser
and she called him an abuser on several
occasions. It was in a video that we
posted. No, María Sevilla is a victim of
abuse. She hasn't. I mean, she didn't kidnap her
son, she was protecting him
from his
abuser. Anyway, Irene
Montero is convicted. But she's
also convicted, quantified, eh,
18,000. 18,000
okay, she published it at almost midnight on
Friday night, mother of beautiful love, Irene
Montero. This is the first, eh, that
the ruling is coming. Look, we condemn the
defendant to pay the plaintiff
compensation of 18,000 with
legal interest on that sum from the date
the lawsuit is filed. And with the
accrual of those expected. In other words, the aunt has
even been dodging at the last minute
to avoid recognizing, okay, eh. In order not to
recognize it, she didn't even want to. Delete the
tweet. They fined her for not
wanting to. Delete the tweet. I think
they fined her 5,000 after publishing it on the
defendant's social networking account.
heading and ruling of this judgment
to delete the defendant's tweet that
the defendant published such and such what I do
see is that it was very fast,
no, it was very fast, meaning in
a year and a half the three instances have passed
and all resources have been
exhausted and normally these
civil matters that take a long time can
take C 6 years to publish at your own expense the
heading and part of the
operative slide of this judgment in a
national newspaper, all of this without making a special
pronouncement on
costs, this judgment is final. Of course,
well, this is the same fate that he will
have with Antonio David, that is,
Antonio David, the same thing he tried to
mistreat him, that is, with Antonio David he did
exactly the same thing, exactly exempt, the same
if they have convicted her, man, we are
talking about a person who is a minister
of the
Government, even if this person is not
governing right now and he
defames you and defames you with someone who has not
done anything to him because you can say
maybe no, no, but it's that he has
insulted you and you return the insult,
no, which is something that has been
talked about a lot lately, no  no no no
Simply because he's a
man and because a woman wanted to
take his children away, well, he's already an
abuser, okay, well, let's
see after months of
dragging out the issue so as not to have to
do what he did today,
let's keep several things in mind, uh, about
this rather unpresentable lady, one
published it on a Friday at
around 11:12 at night, okay, let's see
if with a little luck it goes
unnoticed, she then made like
five or six retweets of different things
so that the tweet goes down on
her wall on the TL, oh, also
to see if it goes a little more
unnoticed, uh, three, she limits herself to
publishing the sentence, which is really the
only thing she's forced to do,
but she doesn't even retract it or
apologize or anything at all, of course,
uh,
of course, let's forget about resigning, okay,
when at the time it was already said that if
someone had a conviction in their
party, I understand that they had an
obligation to resign, but this
civil thing is not  let's see This is not, if
this had been taken through
criminal law, it surely would not have had a
path because for them to
catch you, a lawsuit for a complaint
because criminal is a complaint but no, not this
civil. Let's see, civil, I understand that it
is not a crime, in other words, this does not have a
criminal record or anything, a
criminal conviction, in other words, Someone has to
resign if it is a criminal conviction, this is
civil, civil is basically that, let's see,
so that you understand me, when it is
a civil matter, it is not that someone has
committed a crime. It is not simply that
someone has stained the, let's see, civil is
asking for pa Hi Javi, for being a minister, she
went straight to the Supreme Court, there were no
trials in the courts of first instance. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. It's true. It's
true. It's true that that was
said but not that civil. Let's see,
civil when it is a civil matter it can be the
right to honor, it can be
eh, claims for dismissals, accidents
and when it is a civil matter it is to claim money,
okay, eh. Why, well in this case
because you have damaged my image, you have
caused damage to my honor and you have to
replace it. How? Well, with money, okay,
then based on what the  damage that he has
done to you well is that money he gave him
something big well he has a sentence man
considerably big very big 18000
bucks very
big obviously let's forget about all
this and most importantly this
sentence seems phenomenal to me there is no choice
but to publish it my goodness but
the pardon stays there the pardon there
is no way to delete it like
the tweet that has been deleted therefore
the grievance in part continues to be there
not so much for this father as
for the son who after all was the one who
suffered
eh what this chick has done so
please madam resign now or get fired
because it's enough
A kiss alne gorgeous let's see I
think it's done Let's
see I don't know I don't know how Irene
Montero looks after the new
elections I mean if Zoe were to win again
of course Irene Montero would stay in
the case that it was a
coalition government again I don't understand no if
Zoe wins imagine an absolute majority no what  I don't
think so, no, but well, you never know,
Irena Montero no longer has that
position, no, but F you, they had to
condemn her because the woman goes
around calling all the men she wants abuse
and for defending women
who commit
crimes. Okay, well, exactly the
same as with Antonio David because if
I'm not mistaken, the thread he made about
gender violence pointing out Antonio
David Flores,
eh. And the collaborations on Tele5 for me
are the same, I mean, here we're talking
about a tweet plus some videos, some
interventions. So I understand that
more or less what will happen to her with
Antonia Vi. If Antonia Vi takes
measures immediately because I don't know,
Antonia Vi, what are you waiting for? She said she was going to
sue a few people. Look, here
we have the video, listen to it.
Oh, of course, the video was on the tweet,
okay. Sorry, the video was on the tweet, the
tweet was the pardon for María
Sevilla, she is a heritage of the
feminist movement in our country, thank you
all, okay. And she put the video in
which she said the following:
Today is a very important day and that's why I
think it's a matter of Justice.  never Better
said start celebrating this
partial pardon that we have granted to María
Sevilla and the will of this government
increasingly firm to protect all
protective mothers protective mother
as you know protective mothers
suffer unjustly and in many cases
supposing a violation of many of
their rights criminalization and
a violation of all their rights they
condemn her for violating the
rights of man by
society when what they are doing
is nothing other than defending themselves
and defending their sons and daughters against
the sexist violence of
abusers that is why it is so important
that the state pays off the debt it owes
to protective mothers that we make
public policies that guarantee that
abusers cannot murder
their sons and daughters that they cannot violate
the rights of these women and therefore
that we are capable of effectively protecting
protective mothers in
this case we owed that
partial pardon to María Sevilla and I believe that it is
another new victory for feminists
because when in this country no
institution and no policy  public
supported the protective mothers yes there
were women few and increasingly
defending with banners with their hand
outstretched with their support with their
feminist associations putting money out of their
pockets putting their bodies exposing themselves
to criminalization to say you are not
alone I do believe you and we will walk
together until the institutions
effectively protect all the
mothers who are defending
themselves and also their sons and daughters
against sexist violence So
collective congratulations because that pardon Of
course it is a victory for Maria
But it is also a victory for the entire
feminist movement and here is this
feminist coalition government to
settle that debt that the institutions
have with the protective mothers
popillo talking about a tweet that came to
have almost 9000 responses almost 5000
retweets that I imagine would be
most cited and 3000 likes only
3000 likes okay Eh Well nothing, I mean for
me it has the same destiny eh if Antonia
files a lawsuit eh the destiny is the
same eh it's that  It's exactly the
same It's exactly the same I don't know
Even if with more diffusion about
Antonio David Look at what I'm telling you about
Irene's collaborations on
TV Let's see, let's deal with a couple of
things before we go what what